#Get Phlote Music. #Get Phlote Hotels. I think this is what we want people to start thinking/doing. It’s also how API’s work so instantly? 
Randy, Corrum, Hastings, Morrison, Andrew Lahn, Jim Cho, Patrick, Sherrese, Mac Ventures, Charles, everybody ventures. Tommy. Jordan. Matheis. Jim courier - NFX, advisors, Kate Blaukunst, Adam Roberts, Charles precursor, Richard BPI, Dee Goens,  Soren, Jacobs, Rashad, Runcie, USB Club guys, tweeter. 

My job is the make the most useful catalog on earth. The most influential. The most used. The most shared. The most trusted. By creators and agents. 

Putting this catalog together does not cost much, but will unlock infinite value for everyone involved. 

It is designed to blow up. 

We are early to this realization, however, this is something that has taken 7 years to develop and come to be. 

My outside of the box perspective on the music industry has allowed me to maintain an approach that enables me to see new opportunities clearly. 

AI is creating a revolution in music, just not the way most of us believe. When people think AI and music, they think generative music. AI music the text-to-prompt for music generation. The AI era in music extends far beyond this. There are ramifications on distribution (decentralized), consumption (listening vs usage, human vs robot), and valuation of music (streaming to usage) that very few people see because they are stuck on streaming.  We not only see the opportunity, but we’re positioned to execute today. 

Our platform is operational - 100+ artists onboard and growing. Show videos of interviews and recordings. Highlights of artists saying this is amazing.  
Our deal structure is best in class - allows us to source content cheaply. We get perpetual rights to monetize on their behalf. Artists own originals (masters). Give us share of the upside we create. Similar to PE/HF structure, but instead of (2/20) we get (50 revenue,10 derivative royalties, 20 licenses/API calls).    Our asset pool, the catalog is designed to grow by design. Our customers in some cases may pay us to use and grow our catalog.

Our job is just to make it more useful.  


Wanting to build whole new system. The tools are now available for us to bring to light how immensely undervalued music is. 

Send email: My latest writing. Write this. Add to substack. And forward on the private link. 

Download 1 pager: Dropbox link to doc inside of data room or deck, financial model, and what else.  What makes someone want to keep coming back Into the data room.  The download 1 pager may only work on someone the first time. What else can I include to help the reader go down a rabbit hole about Phlote? 

We’re in music acquisition mode. There’s an infinite money opportunity that’s being presented by AI for music and media that no one else seems to see. I need $2 million to build it before we raise more. This is a generational asset that is designed to create new digital assets and income perpetually. We start with music, but ultimately our job is to turn ideas into assets. An idea that starts with music, but will transcend it.  IP is very valuable now and only becoming more so as the we all realize that the reference stack is now more important than the tech stack - away from artificial intelligence - where 99.999% of the world is still playing. People are now in search of references - to be smarter, make their LLM smarter, music better, etc.  AI now allows these key reference points across culture, science, art, business, technology, etc to benefit. Everyone will have an API that is callable by agents so that when their name is called, they can raise their hand and get paid. If you have a known framework, now is the time to put an API around it. I Recently I asked ChatGPT to pull Donald Miller’s Story Brand framework to help develop Phlote’s messaging. Chat did exactly as directed, pulled the info, and worked with me to incorporate.  Fortunately, I’ve purchased the books and subscribed to Donald’s the online resources. But what if I hadn’t, my experience would have been the same.  Great for me, but this is bad for Donald. He’s missed out.  What if instead, Chat called Donald Miller and knew right where to go, transacted with his API, paid $.005, retrieved the right information, and delivered it to me. If I had a credit balance that it came out of, I would have not known the wiser and would reap whenever my account went out. Kinda like country club expense accounts. Or social clubs. Frictionless shoppping experience. The entire internet could turn into a tipping system built on micropayments. It should. We are building that for music IP. An api that delivers our content to agents when Phlote is called out. Or music with specific qualities. We will have tracks standing by with hands raised for any situation. In the meantime, we can set up API for well known artists, authors, thinkers, who need this now. 

Just a thought. Anyone who has a name in music, should have an API. So when someone says “make music like “Janet Jackson”, she gets paid.  What about if agents call, RNB music or Miami Bass or Beach vibes, or meditation, we’ll have that too. 

I’m writing a book called: Agents will be searching the internet. Not humans. Read the first excerpt here. 



Doug Atkins frameare and a reference point for derivative ideas that follow. This is a new business model for the internet that is driven by emerging AI capabilities. We can now track and automate payments on content each time it’s used on the internet - with perfect visibility. Data can be generated and used for good. We have been working on disrupting music for 6 years with an approach that has always been based in building new music infrastructure to replace the current trash system. The emergence of AI tech enables what blockchain promised, but in a more elegant and accessible way. The market is not thinking from our perspective - having settled into comfort with the status quo. This entire music asset class is underpriced - something we are unique to see.  The problem music has many more uses beyond passive listening - health, healing, building blocks for other media, to exercise creativity - remixing. Streaming only monetizes listening, but sets the price for the entire asset class. 

We’re building the infrastructure that allows our sounds to be found and used by agents. The more they use phlote sounds, the more we earn.  We need to be the most trusted and most contextual. No copyright dings. Most metadata. Human emotional and feeling data will be the most important. Metadata will give every track an identity. Over time the artists will develop their own. Internal models will ingest artists content and give them a unique IP address that’s associated with their sounds in space. (Show a 4x4 example - 4 quadrants  with 4 vectors, high energy, Low energy,  or a color hex) emanational hex - driven by human feedback.  Get curators together, launch an aux for music. Put it int the sound designer chat. This is how to use me. 

As our agents listen to more of our music, we will gain identify as well. They will learn as will we, what we are good at and where we fit best. A signature sound will be created that enables us to differentiate. 

The question is: Does reputation matter?  Once a connection is established between agent and source. Does it endure. Or does the agent start each search with a fresh perspective?


beyond passive listening - a use case that will not serve as the dominant form of consumption going forward. Music that can be used in videos, games, generative content will have the advantage going forward. AI will create and serve much of this content.  Agents will be looking for music they can use and dont care about popularity, they care about clear rights, ownership, and rules. These have to be machine readable. But as agents get deployed across the internet, they will be looking for music they can use. A catalog designed for use, looks much different than one made for hits. 

Must be contextual, have clear rights, and be exposed via API. The idea of music to release expands to sounds, more sounds can make more money. 

The value will come from having the metadata advantage. First this will be machine readable, but the enduring advantage will be the music company that can attach human metadata to the tracks - what does this make me feel. 
Going forward, functional music will dominate popular music. Distribution is decentralizing away from one platform to the thousands of apps and adaptive experiences will be created that can be enhanced by music.  Our infrastructure enables music to make music the more it’s used. The same infrastructure we built for creator to creator remixing (clear this for 6 years 


Jus closed our first investment with BPI 

Raising $2 million - $5 million to launch an investment strategy for music. Differentiated approach and insight. All music is underpriced. And will be repriced when we succeed. We have direct access to artists and gaming that bring us credibility audience and provide backstop on risk - are in advanced discussions. Creative use case can be bootstrapped today, while we build the api and metadata infrastructure for agentic programming. 

We get to 50k users and $5mm run rate in 18 months - plus upside from hits, agents, sync, etc. 

We just need capital to unlock. Team advisors and I are standing by. No one else has our vision and no one will take it as far as we will. 

AI true impact on the internet and music 
The internets new value drivers. 
Music is mispriced. 
Streaming vs usage evenomics 
Hans Zimmer unreleased is the most underpriced asset on earth. 
Why we start with gaming
Platform label - the competitive advantage of our deal structure. Best in class for artists. Gives us economics in every asset uploaded to Phlote. 

Taking calls over the next week. Book time here. 

Bogdan notes. Adaptive soundtracks. New category. New revenue layer for artist. New economic model. 

Send investors docs and prompt to use to evaluate phlote from an investment perspective.  

The $2 million buys us time to bring all the pieces together and build the base asset. 